How many ping-pong balls can you fit in 747?

At first glace, it seems like a fairly straightforward question. It's simply a matter of finding the volume of a 747, and finding how many ping pong balls could fit in that area. On the other hand, once you think about the problem more practically, it's not so straight forward. 

Does the problem mean to say how many ping pong balls, I individually could fit into a 747? 
Does it mean how many could fit in an empty 747? 
Does this plane actually have to fly, or does stuffing it with ping-pong balls fufill the requirements?
Will there be any passengers on this plane, or can we remove the seats, baggage areas, etc to make room for more ping pong balls? 

There are countless ways to approach this problem, but the vast majority of them involve ping pong balls being put somewhere, so I think the best place to start is the most optimal way of storing ping pong balls. The most intuitive way to store ping pong balls, would be to stack them in a square grid. Storing ping pong balls this way, we can do a bit of algebra to find out the ping-pong density (ppd for short), or percentage of the area taken up by ping pong balls,using this formula. Let's assume the ping pong ball is 1 unit wide, since the size of the sphere is arbitrary for our ppd, so the area one ball takes up is (4/3) * pi * 0.5^3. Since they are in a grid, no other ball is in the 2r * 2r * 2r cube surrounding the ball and we can use this to find the density. We take the volume of our ball and divide by the cube it lies in, which gives us (4 * pi * r^3)/(3 * 8 * r^3), which simplifies down nicely to pi/6. This means, storing spheres in a grid like this will only give us a ppd of ~0.52, meaning only half our volume is ping pong balls. We can do better. 

Thanks to a certain Carl Fredrich Gauss, we know that storing spheres in a face-centered cubic lattice or hexagonal close packed lattice allows us to store the most spheres into the smallest amount of space. He also calculated for us that the ppd using either of these lattices jumps up to 0.74. So roughly 74% of the volume we have available in our 747 will be ping-pong balls. First let's assume that we can only use the cargo portion of the plane. According to google, this is about 159 cubic meters of space we have to work with. Using our ppd, we can calculate the amount of space taken up by ping pong balls, 159m3 * .74, which is ~118m3 of ping pong balls. Then, we just have to divide by the volume of a single ping pong ball, which is (4/3) * pi * .02 ^ 3 (since a ping pong ball is 40mm in diameter, so it has a radius of 20mm or .02m). This gives us room for around 3,520,000 ping pong balls. Not bad, but we can do better. We can factor in the passenger space too to make room for more ping pong balls. The combined passenger volume and cargo volume is about 1035m3, and using the same method as before, this brings us up to 22,800,000. We are getting there, but I think we can do better.

Let's take out everything important and just leave the metal frame. How well can we do then? Well, from what I've looked up, a 747 is roughly 70 meters long and the cabit is 6 meters wide. For simplicities sake, let's say it's a cylinder. This means it has an interior volume of pi * r^2 * h, or pi * 9 * 70 m3. This gives us about 1980m3, almost twice as much space as we had before! Using the same equations given, we get grand total of 43,706,250 ping pong balls weighing in at 118,000 kg. This is just above the maximum payload of a 747, which is about 112,000 kg. 

So hypothetically, how many ping pong balls could I fit in a 747? Probably more than 40,000,000, if given enough ping pong balls, a 747, many manhours (roughly 498 days assuming I place on average 1 ball per second, which is pretty fair considering they have the be in a very specific lattice), and a team of engineers to take apart the plan to make room for more ping pong balls. Realistically though, I don't see myself boarding a plane with any ping pong balls in tow any time soon. So the more practical answer to the question is much closer to 0. 
